♪♪
Previously, on Shadowhunters...
He was possessed.
The demon is Lilith.
You will bring me
the flesh of his father.
Valentine.
LUKE: How the hell
are we gonna contain him?
IZZY: Malachi Configuration.
A type of cage
for Greater Demons.
Clary, what are you doing?!
I'll cover for you.
Now, go fix him!
NO!
Drop your stele!
Hands on your head!
LUKE: Ollie's contacts
have been seeing
an influx of people loitering
around this intersection.
So you think that's
where Lilith is hiding?
LUKE: First floor is clear.
There's no one else
down here.
SIMON: These
possessed mundanes...
I've hurt people before,
but I've never
turned anyone into salt.
Look, we don't have
time for that right now.
We need to find Ollie.
Do you understand?
The Daylighter could
ruin everything.
We will protect you, Mother.
You can't. Where are
the intruders now?
If the vampire's still here,
we should leave.
No.
We stay right where we are.
♪♪♪
Where are we?
How did you do that?
No one will stop me
from bringing my boy back.
♪ We're coming
♪ After you
♪ This is the hunt
♪♪♪
♪ This is the hunt ♪
It's no use trying to escape.
The trap you're in was designed
to hold a Greater Demon.
Well, that's not very nice,
trapping your brother in a box.
You're not our brother.
And don't get too comfortable
'cause we're gonna
bring him back.
You and your undying love
for your parabatai.
I hate to burst your bubble,
but when I was sent
to your family in Idris,
I was a desperate kid.
Pay no mind to him, Alexander.
The only reason
I became your parabatai
was to make sure there was
a roof over my head.
He's just trying
to get under your skin.
Or maybe...
...I just prefer not to coddle
your latest soldier boyfriend.
We got your call.
Any news about Clary?
You almost killed her!
Ooh!
She gave herself up to the Clave
trying to protect you!
Still jealous she picked
me over you, huh?
By the way, that kiss
at the Seelie Court...
we never got to compare notes.
Let me in there!
I'll throw you off a building!
Come on! Come on, Simon.
The Jace in that trap
is not our Jace.
We need to focus.
All right? If the Clave
finds out about Clary's wish
to Raziel, we might
never see her again.
All right. Do we
have anybody in Idris
that can get us information?
Well, we stole
from the Clave's armory.
So if they've figured
that out...
They're not gonna
tell us anything.
So what's plan B?
I'm gonna try to get
some more intel on Clary.
The best thing you can do?
Go back to that
abandoned building
and see if you can
find some clues.
No! I'm not going
on a demon hunt
while my best friend
is in prison!
Simon... Clary risked
everything to save Jace.
You want to do
something for her?
Help destroy the demon
that caused all this mess.
But I want to know as soon
as you hear anything.
You got it.
Hey. No one can find out
about Jace's possession.
If Clary's able to keep
a lid on her wish,
we can't blow it.
Speaking of Jace...
we need to talk.
Now, If we wanna
bring Jace back,
we have to get through to him
using the strongest
connection possible.
Which is me.
I'm in. Whatever it takes.
I don't think you understand.
This isn't like the last time
we tried to use your parabatai
connection to help Jace.
If you go in,
Lilith could get her demonic
claws into your soul as well.
I have to do this.
Of course.
But if I help you
and I lose you...
I know.
It's just if...
If I don't get Jace back, I...
Without him, I'm...
I'm nothing.
Then we'll do this.
But you're not going alone.
So I can go with Alec
to save Jace,
even though I'm not
his parabatai?
It's possible, but it
would require more magic
and give you
less time inside.
No. I'll take the chance,
but I'm not putting Izzy
in that kind of danger.
The last time you tried to use
your parabatai connection,
you were in a coma
and almost died.
Jace was the only person
who could save you.
And this time we won't
have him to bring you back.
What exactly do we have to do?
You have to find Jace
and bring him out with you.
How?
When you find him,
you all have to be linked.
Now, I'll have one shot
to pull you all out together.
So it's settled.
Let's go bring back our brother.
MAN: Bring in the accused.
♪♪♪
Place your hands on the Sword.
The last time
I touched this sword,
I destroyed some of its powers.
To kill Downworlders.
It can still draw the truth.
Hands!
Why did you come to Alicante?
To steal
the Malachi Configuration.
Seems the sword's
working just fine.
My Owl went to retrieve
something vital
for my son's rebirth,
and he should have returned
by now. Find out what happened.
Go!
♪♪♪
Is it safe for you to go out?
What about the Daylighter?
He has been endowed
with a very special power.
A power that makes him
indestructible.
So how do we protect
you and Jonathan?
By going back to the place where
all my troubles first began.
It's time for a visit
to the Seelie Queen.
No big deal.
While Luke's finding out
about Clary, I just have
to hunt down the Queen of Hell.
Well, I'm coming with you.
I've been training Brad.
He can cover my shift.
You don't have to. I...
I can handle this.
Sure. Queen of Hell, no problem.
Sorry I asked.
I didn't mean to burden
you with all this
while you're dealing
with the whole...
you know, Jordan thing.
Clary's the one that we
need to worry about now.
I'm fine.
I know you keep saying that,
and you probably are,
and I know you say we'll
talk about it later--
And we'll talk about it later.
Right now... bigger fish to fry.
I am so sorry to interrupt.
I'm looking for Simon.
What the hell do you
think you're doing here?!
Simon--
No, no!
I got this. Look, you have
no right to show up
where Maia works
or be anywhere near her.
Jordan's here
because I asked him
to stay and finish
working on your case.
What? No way!
I know you're just trying
to take care of me,
but you don't need
to be around him.
So leave! That's
what you're good at!
Jordan and I talked.
He left me to fend for myself.
I'm not gonna let him
do that to you.
Look, I'm really sorry
about how things went down.
All right? I do care about you.
And I wanna help.
We have a demon to hunt.
Come on, Maia.
You are gonna need backup.
I'll come too.
This is all the backup we need.
You know that.
Hey.
I know you're just trying
to look out for me,
but if we're gonna
track down Lilith...
Two wolf noses are
better than one.
LUKE: Elodie, please.
I can't reach Jia.
If you could just
get a message to...
Maryse.
Thank you for showing up.
Of course.
Should we go outside to talk?
Eh, it's all right.
Around here, if the Clave
kicks you to the curb,
you're considered good people.
You said they're holding
Clary in Idris. Why?
What did she do?
The more people who know,
the more risk there is
for Clary, so...
Does Jace know? I tried
to reach him earlier,
but I haven't heard back.
He must be worried.
out of his mind.
You know Jace.
He's a survivor.
What can I do to help?
I need to get to someone
inside the Clave.
See if I can negotiate
Clary's release.
Well, then a de-runed
ex-Circle member is
the last person
you should be talking to.
Maryse...
Please.
You're my only hope.
There is one person...
the woman Robert was
having an affair with.
Annamarie Highsmith.
She's still in Alicante
and has ins.
Look, I didn't mean
to bring up--
My competition? Please.
I was over Robert long before
he started straying.
She's actually a decent woman.
She can help. It's worth a try.
It's work.
Go.
I'll get this done.
Maryse...
Thank you.
Hey, what are the chances
I could get a beer in here?
None. Let's go.
You guys were always
the smart ones in the family.
You really think you can
save Jace from Lilith?
I don't know how long
I can maintain the connection.
So find Jace as soon
as possible.
Why do you wanna save Jace?
He's your main competition.
Hmm.
You may share your bed with him,
but if your precious Alexander
could only have one of us,
who do you think he'd pick?
Shut up.
It's OK. He's just
trying to distract us. Focus.
Oh, yeah. Whatever you do,
don't lose focus.
You know,
your boyfriend's right.
Focus is the key.
Jace?
He's doing it on purpose.
Yes, to prevent us
from entering his mind.
We have
to find another way.
I have an idea.
Portal me to the Institute.
Why were you digging up
your father's body?
I wasn't.
Then who was?
It was Jace.
Jace Herondale?
Then why did we find you
in the cemetery?
Because I helped him escape.
Why was Jace
digging up Valentine?
I don't know.
Did Jace kill Imogen?
I think so.
Why would Jace kill
the only true family he has?
He's not in control
of what he's doing.
Why?
Because he's been possessed
by the Queen of Edom.
How did that happen?
Music, anyone?
Yes.
No.
OK.
Hey, do you want my jacket?
You can totally have my jacket.
I'm fine.
Sorry, are you cold?
I don't feel temperature,
so sometimes I forget.
I said I'm fine.
I am so sorry. I just
remembered how cold
you... you always
used to get. Yeah.
People change.
Hey! Looks like
we're almost there!
Isn't it amazing how like, Sixth
Avenue is awesome at this time?
No traffic...
All right.
Oh, brave.
No more box?
We needed the Malachi
Configuration to trap you.
We're not gonna let you use it
to hurt our brother.
And now you think
this can hold me?
Valentine used them
to hold an Angel for 25 years.
I'm no Angel.
♪♪♪
How much longer
until Magnus is ready?
No time like the present.
Let's do this.
No, you don't wanna do this...
- Jace...
- He needs me!
- For whither thou goest...
- I can't leave without him.
Soon, we'll officially
be brothers...
nothing can change that.
We're in the Institute.
Inside Jace's mind.
Jace!
- I got you!
- No, you didn't!
Two against one.
Come on, Lightwoods!
Show me what you got!
We're all Lightwoods.
We're a team.
Heh. This is what happens
when you have a softie
for a sister.
Softie?
Oh, really?
Hey!
Oh!
I remember this.
This was the night Mom and Dad
went on mission in Geneva
and we snuck downstairs
to train.
YOUNG IZZY: Good.
You're learning.
And what's the rule
when our team goes into battle?
Three go in.
Three come out.
No.
No! Don't take them away too!
What just happened?
Jace!
What the hell?
♪♪♪
Stay close.
We can't
lose each other.
Is that the Jace
we need to bring back?
I don't know. He didn't
disappear with the memory,
which makes me think
that he's the real Jace
that's trapped in here...
or at least a part of him...
And the memory of us
that burned away?
Maybe part of Lilith's torture
is taking away
everything he loves.
Jace?
Izzy?
Isabelle?!
♪♪♪
Your people fought
bravely, but...
bravery is no match for power.
Well...
You have no heart.
Never did.
Hmm.
I apologize for coming in
without a direct invitation.
Before your predecessor
became my sworn enemy,
I did have one outstanding
offer for tea.
Better late than never.
You look stunning as always.
Edom's done wonders
for your complexion.
And you're clearly eager
to send me back there.
Don't be silly.
Endowing Eve with Seelie beauty
was all the revenge
my people ever needed.
You killed my Disciples.
I killed your knights.
I've come to see if you'd
like to cut your losses.
I'm sorry for your pain,
but I never ordered anyone
to do harm to your people.
Not directly, as always.
But I don't have time
for sleights of tongue.
The vampire with the mark.
You gave it to him
because it's the only thing
that can banish me.
I want you to remove it.
I gave him the mark
because he's a Daylighter.
Seelies have always
been the protectors
of anything in nature
that's special and unique.
My son is special and unique.
And I am his protector.
The Mark of Cain.
I want it gone.
There are certain things
that I, too, want gone.
Sadly, we don't always
get what we want.
Hmm.
Pity.
That was the only reason
I was playing nice.
Do that and you'll never
find your precious Owl.
That's right.
I know where he is.
How did Jace become
possessed by Lilith?
He was vulnerable.
Why?
Because Valentine
killed him at Lake Lyn.
You mean tried to kill him?
No.
He was dead.
If Jace was dead...
...how is he alive now?
You want the truth?
I don't need your Sword.
No! Let her speak.
After my father killed Jace
he summoned Raziel
to compel a wish.
But I killed Valentine first...
...and used the wish
to bring Jace back.
Do you have any idea
what you've done?
Since the time
of Jonathan Shadowhunter,
we have battled demons
with the reassurance
that if an insurmountable evil
were to take over the world,
the Angel's wish could save us.
You've taken that away.
To you, an insurmountable evil
is a world overrun by demons.
To me, it's the mass murder
of all creatures
with demon blood.
Any wish that has the power
to cause that kind
of destruction
is not a gift.
It's a curse.
I'm glad it's gone.
Tell me.
Clary's on trial
under the Soul Sword.
I gotta get to Alicante.
I gotta break her out.
Of the Gard? That's impossible.
There's a wolf pack
in the Brocelind Forest.
I'll head over
the mountains to Idris
and enlist their help.
You know better than anyone
the Brocelind wolves are feral.
They can't be trusted.
The last thing Clary needs
is to lose the only real father
she's ever had.
I've already lost Jocelyn.
I'm not losing Clary too.
Well, I guess if you're
the Queen of Hell,
this place feels like home.
Just stay with me in case
we run into any company.
Is that salt?
Yeah, this was me.
So you blasted
Lilith's henchmen into salt?
Not on purpose. This thing
just goes into...
high gear around demons,
I guess.
I smell blood.
I do too.
Lots of it.
But it's not normal.
Wow...
Is there a scent you can
pick up to track?
I wish, but this isn't
from just one person.
Yeah, I'm getting
a mix of like, 20.
Maybe more.
So what's this for?
I don't know, but...
I think there's
something inside.
Hey...
The top comes off.
Grab the other side.
It looks like some
sort of cocoon...
MAIA: Decorated
in strange symbols.
It's Enochian.
The ancient symbols
are for blood...
flesh... and heart.
This is part of a demonic
resurrection ritual.
I'm gonna send a couple
shots of this to Luke.
Call him with an update.
All right, there's no reception.
I'll call Luke from outside.
Since when do you study
ancient demonic languages?
Like you said, people change.
Alec?
♪♪♪
Who are you? Stay away!
It's OK, Jace.
I'm not here to hurt you.
How do you know my name?
You're Lilith. Give me back
my brother and sister!
No, I'm not Lilith.
I can take you to your brother
and sister if you come with me.
No. You're gonna
make me disappear.
Just like you make
everything disappear!
You can trust me.
The only people I trust
are Alec and Isabelle.
I'm...
...their friend.
Otherwise, how would I
know this?
♪ Il y a longtemps
que je t'aime
♪ Jamais je ne t'oublierai
Maryse used to sing that to us
every night
before we went to bed.
And you always sang the English.
♪ I have lost my dear friend
♪ Which I did not deserve
♪ I have loved you
for so long
♪ That I'll never
forget you ♪
Come with me.
Izzy?
Clary!
♪♪♪
Jace?
I tried not to.
I tried every time.
It's OK.
All right?
None of this is real.
Lilith's torturing me.
She's punishing me. She's...
I'm gonna get you
out of here. All right?
No, please! Please...
I can't... I can't kill you too.
Please, I can't...
You won't.
You won't. You won't.
OK? I'm not part
of Lilith's mind games.
I'm real. This is...
this is real.
We're OK.
Are you really here?
Yes. Please...
I've got you.
All right?
Jace?
Izzy...
Jace!
Jordan says the symbols
are for some sort of...
resurrection ritual. What would
Lilith want to be resurrecting?
Whatever it is,
we need to stop her.
What about Clary? Have you
talked to anyone in Alicante?
I got the information
that I need.
Don't worry about Clary.
I'll make sure she's safe.
Safe from what?
What'd you find out?
Listen, I'm handling it.
I might be gone for a bit,
but it's OK.
Luke, where are you going?
What's going on?
You just gotta trust me on this.
I do, but...
Please, isn't there anything
I can do to actually help?
Yeah, stay on track with Lilith.
See what this ritual's
all about. I gotta go.
OK.
You gotta wonder what requires
so much blood to resurrect.
Why are you doing this?
You said to look after Simon.
That's all I'm trying to do.
Don't play dumb.
I don't need your jacket
to keep me warm.
And I don't need you telling me
that you've changed.
Look, I'm sorry. I guess
I just want you to know
that I'm not the same guy
that left you alone
that night in the rain.
I don't want to hear it.
You know, the day you got
your butterfly tattoo...
...I wanted to tattoo
that Sanskrit on my arm,
because I thought
it looked cool.
You gave me crap about it
for not knowing what it meant.
"Meaning matters," you said.
That's why I joined the Praetor.
Because things matter to me now.
People...
their troubles...
...their pain.
I know you don't want me around.
But you matter to me.
Stop.
And you always will.
I said stop!
It's taken everything I have
for me to put you behind me!
Why won't you just
let me hate you?!
JUST LET ME HATE YOU!
Maia!
Maia, freeze!
I got you. Shh.
It's OK.
I got you. I got you.
It's OK, Maia. You're safe.
It's OK. It's OK.
Just...
Everybody just...
leave me alone.
♪♪♪
Alexander, if you can hear me...
Hurry!
Hurry! Hurry! Hurry!
We have to go. Now.
I can't.
What are you talking about?
She's gonna come for me.
She's never gonna let me go.
No. We'll stop her. Together.
But we have to get out of here.
We're running out of time.
You can't. You can't
stop her. No one can.
There's only one way to help me.
There's only one...
one thing you can do.
Hey...
Alec... I need you to kill me.
What?
Please...
Please! I've tried.
I've tried so many times,
Please, Alec. I'm begging you.
Jace... No!
I need you to do this for me.
Alec, please...
Never.
You're coming with us.
OK?
Izzy... listen...
I did all those things.
I threw Clary off that rooftop.
I possessed all those mundanes.
Imogen...
Whatever it is,
it wasn't you, Jace.
It's Lilith.
It doesn't matter.
If I go with you,
she's gonna find me.
She's gonna make me do worse.
And you won't be able
to stop her.
You won't be able to stop me.
Listen...
Jace... stop. Please.
If you love me...
Do it.
No.
Do it!
I'm begging you.
Please!
Izzy, no.
Do it!
No!
Three go in.
Three come out.
Please don't let her
take me again.
I won't.
I promise.
AH!
I don't look kindly on people
who take what's mine.
Go ahead and kill me.
But don't hurt Alec and Izzy.
Tempting offer...
If I didn't fear starting
a war with your father,
I would happily oblige.
No! No! She took Jace!
I'm sorry.
I couldn't stop her.
♪♪♪
He begged us...
He begged us to kill him.
All the terrible things
Lilith made Jace do...
He said if she takes him back,
she'd make him do much worse.
Now Lilith has him again,
just like he said she would.
We promised him we wouldn't
let her take him back.
You did all you could.
We promised him.
♪ Put on a brave face
♪ Act like an earthquake
♪ Didn't come right in
and tear it up
♪ And everything we've built
♪ Inside this beautiful
and safe space
♪ Here in this room
♪ Where you should be
♪ I'm losing sight of you
♪ A stranger simply
passing through again
Going somewhere?
I know you told me to...
leave you alone, but...
I've never been very good
at following instructions.
I just...
need to get away for a while.
Clear my head.
Yeah... I can relate.
So, before when you...
When you ran off...
the stuff between
you and Jordan...
Please...
Things are just so messed up
right now. I...
I just need some time.
Can you give me that?
♪ Again...
♪ Oh...
♪ Hearts aren't supposed
to hurt like that
♪ Hurt like that
♪ They're not supposed
to break so fast
♪ Break so fast
♪ They say that time's
a healer
♪ Ooh...
♪ How long is this burn
supposed to last? ♪
♪♪♪
Do you have anything
you'd like to say
before receiving your sentence?
If you were at Lake Lyn...
...and it was Aline
instead of Jace...
...what would you have done?
I know your mother raised
you as a mundane...
with the idealistic belief
that love comes above all.
If I'd been at Lake Lyn,
we'd still have Raziel's wish.
Because being a Shadowhunter
is about sacrifice.
That's the one thing
you've never understood.
But maybe now you will.
Clarissa Fairchild...
...you are hereby sentenced...
...to death.
♪♪♪